Improve question documentation (#11830)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/question/template.md

Reviewer: Renaming this file seems to have caused it to lose track of history (Git can't properly track renamed files if more than 50% of the file is changed). You may want to rename it in the previous PR if you want to retain it.

Author: Fixed in [66b3b53](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/11829/commits/66b3b53b590b071d7a4090e7a4255c7f0afeaf72).

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html title="question.html"
<p>Here is some inline math: $x^2$. Here is some display math: $$x^2$$</p>
<p>What is the total force $F$ currently acting on the particle?</p>

<markdown>
# LaTeX works in Markdown too!

$$\phi = \frac{1+\sqrt{5}}{2}$$
</markdown>
```

### Using a dollar sign ($) without triggering math mode

Dollar signs by default denote either **inline** (`$ x $`) or **display mode** (`$$ x $$`) environments.

To escape either math environment, consider using PrairieLearn's `<markdown>` tag and inline code syntax.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
```html
<markdown>
What happens if we use a `$` to reference the spreadsheet cell location `$A$1`?
</markdown>
```

In scenarios where it does not make sense to use the code environment, consider disabling math entirely by
adding the `mathjax_ignore` class to an HTML element.

```html
<div class="mathjax_ignore">
  Mary has $5 to spend. If each apple costs $2 dollars and a banana costs $1 dollar, then how many
  pieces of fruit can Mary get?
</div>

<div>$x = 1$ and I have <span class="mathjax_ignore">$</span>5 dollars.</div>
```

> ## Rendering panels from `question.html`

Reviewer: I'm wondering if this section should be moved to the top?

Author: I agree, and moved this to the top.

# `question.html`

## Template file

All `question.html` files are processed with the [Mustache template engine](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html), which allows for basic dynamic rendering of HTML. In addition, it supports:

- [**Markdown**](#markdown-in-questions): HTML and custom elements are great for flexibility and expressiveness. However, they're not great for working with large amounts of text, formatting text, and so on. [Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) is a lightweight plaintext markup syntax that's ideal for authoring simple but rich text.

- [**LaTeX**](#using-latex-in-questions-math-mode): PrairieLearn supports LaTeX equations in questions.

> - [**Rendering panels**](#rendering-panels-from-questionhtml): These panels control what is shown when a student is viewing the question, viewing their submission, or viewing the correct answer.

Reviewer: Maybe reorder these to match the order in the document?

Author: Changed in 6408ede3ac9fe51ab8d193ea476887f9d181752a.

=== "Good"

    ```html
    <pl-submission-panel>
      <p>
        Feedback: {{feedback.y}}
      </p>
    </pl-submission-panel>
    ```

=== "Bad"

    ```html
    <p>Feedback: {{feedback.y}}</p>
    ```

    This will show the feedback in the "question" and "answer" panels as well, which is unnecessary and can be confusing for students. Since `feedback.y` won't be defined until the student submits an answer, it will show as an empty string in the "question" panel, just showing `"Feedback: "`.

More details about providing feedback can be found on the [`server.py` page](server.md#providing-feedback).

### `"answer"` panel

By default, the correct answers are shown in the "answer" panel. This can be disabled by setting `showCorrectAnswer: false` in the question's `info.json`. The FAQ item ["How can I hide the correct answer when students see their grading results?"](../faq.md#how-can-i-hide-the-correct-answer-when-students-see-their-grading-results) describes some other techniques for hiding the correct answer.

> If you grade a question using a [custom grading function](./server.md#step-5-grade) or an [external grader](../externalGrading.md), it is recommended to set the correct answer so that students can see it in the answer panel. If there are multiple correct answers, you should add a note within the [`pl-answer-panel`](../elements.md#pl-answer-panel-element) element that any correct answer would be accepted, and the displayed answer is only an example. You can also show additional text in the answer panel as well, e.g. extended explanations for the correct answers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you grade a question using a [custom grading function](./server.md#step-5-grade), an [external grader](../externalGrading.md), or using [manual grading](../manualGrading/index.md), you are encouraged to display a correct answer so that students can see it in the answer panel. If there are multiple correct answers, you should add a note within the [`pl-answer-panel`](../elements.md#pl-answer-panel-element) element that any correct answer would be accepted, and the displayed answer is only an example. You can also show additional text in the answer panel as well, e.g. extended explanations for the correct answers.
```

Author: Added in 6408ede3ac9fe51ab8d193ea476887f9d181752a.

## Mustache templates

Any text in double-curly-braces (like `{{params.m}}`) is substituted with variable values using [Mustache](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html). These parameters are typically defined by a [question's `server.py`](server.md). For example, if `params["m"]` is defined in `server.py`, you can use it in `question.html` like this:

```html title="question.html"
<p>If m is {{params.m}}, what is {{params.m}} * 3?</p>
```

This will be rendered as:

```html
<p>If m is 5, what is 5 * 3?</p>
```

### Advanced rendering

You can use the following syntax to conditionally render a piece of HTML:

```html title="question.html"
{{#params.show}}
<p>This will only show up if params.show is true</p>
{{/params.show}}
```

You can use this syntax to render over an array of strings (the `.` represents the current item in the array):

```html title="question.html"
{{#params.items}}
<p>{{.}}</p>
{{/params.items}}
```

> ### HTML rendering

Reviewer: This is a single paragraph, does it need a heading?

Author: Changed to a tip.

Author: Changed in 6408ede3ac9fe51ab8d193ea476887f9d181752a.

# `question.html`

## Template file

All `question.html` files are processed with the [Mustache template engine](https://mustache.github.io/mustache.5.html), which allows for basic dynamic rendering of HTML. For example, you can use the following syntax to conditionally render a piece of HTML:

```html title="question.html"
{{#params.show}}
<p>This will only show up if params.show is true</p>
{{/params.show}}
```

and this syntax to render over an array of strings (the `.` represents the current item in the array):

```html title="question.html"
{{#params.items}}
<p>{{.}}</p>
{{/params.items}}
```

!!! tip

     If you want to render student-provided HTML, we recommend the use of the [`<pl-xss-safe>` element](../elements.md#pl-xss-safe-element).

>      You can also use triple-braces (e.g. `{{{params.html}}}`) to substitute raw HTML. This is not recommended, as it can lead to XSS vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: I think saying that it is not recommended may be too strong (note that it has the same "security" issues as the template itself if used with instructor-provided HTML). Maybe point out that this should only be used for content that is defined by the instructor, and not for student-provided content?

Also, I believe the pl-xss-safe comment should come after this point, as an alternative for student-provided content.

Author: Did this in d593c196707fc85bfc70bbde053f00454c582183. I also broke the note out into a section, since it's now a larger note.

### `"submission"` panel

> By default, feedback given by elements (`data["partial_scores"][NAME]["feedback"]`) is rendered when an element renders in the "submission" panel. Feedback given by the question (`data["feedback"][NAME]`) needs to be shown using `{{feedback.NAME}}`. More details about providing feedback can be found on the [`server.py` page](server.md#providing-feedback).

Reviewer: I think the use of `data["feedback"]` is not common enough to be shown in the first paragraph of this section. Most questions will use the default element-based feedback for the submission panel, the custom feedback will be used mostly by exceptional questions that require custom grading.

Author: Changed in ba7cf9af7dec39288b1c7ccf81ecbc26fffd7ea3.
